Version 0.0.0 (#11)
tjsego/libSSR: docs/python/src/comparison_wfs.rst

variable names as key and formatted NumPy arrays as values, where the first index is
by simulation replicate, and the second index is by simulation time.
As a simple example, the following function generates a sine wave with
offset sampled from a normal distribution in correct format:

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np

    def generate_sample(_times: np.ndarray, _mean: float, _stdev: float, _size: int):
        result = np.ndarray((_size, _times.shape[0]), dtype=float)
        offset = np.random.normal(_mean, _stdev, _size)
        for i in range(_size):
            result[i, :] = np.sin(_times + offset[i])
        return result

Data for a sample of size 1,000 with one variable and 21 uniformly distributed simulation steps
can be generated as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    num_steps = 21      # Number of simulation steps
    sample_size = 1000  # Size of the sample

    # Generate simulation times
    times = np.asarray([2 * np.pi * x / (num_steps - 1) for x in range(num_steps)], dtype=float)
    # Generate sample data
    sample = generate_sample(times, 0.0, 0.25, sample_size)

> To mitigate false negatives due to rounding errors in certain edge cases,

Reviewer: Is there some "caveats" or "tips" page where people can read about potential issues with the method, like the rounding errors issue? When is it important to apply rounding?

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/tjsego/libSSR/pull/11/commits/b629ad53cc3e910b6163bf59b282a39fe6038ad1.

data can be rounded to a fixed numerical precision by number of significant figures:

.. code-block:: python

    import libssr

    # Number of significant figures of the data
    sig_figs = 16
    # Round data
    sample = libssr.round_arr_to_sigfigs(sample, sig_figs)

The EFECT Test for Reproducibility produces the data for quantitatively testing reproducibility.
The test requires a name for each evaluated variable and, among other optional details,
uses a given number of values at which to evaluate empirical characteristic functions that form the
basis of EFECT:

.. code-block:: python

    var_name = 'Y'  # Variable name
    eval_num = 101  # Number of transform variable evaluations
    # Only capture EFECT Error sampling

>     err_sample = libssr.test_reproducibility({var_name: sample}, num_steps=eval_num)[0]

Reviewer: Perhaps rename this to `get_empirical_error_distribution`? `test_reproducibility` implies that it actually performs a test.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/tjsego/libSSR/pull/11/commits/b629ad53cc3e910b6163bf59b282a39fe6038ad1.

The returned EFECT Error sample from the Test for Reproducibility can be used to test the
hypothesis that the tested sample and another sample are realizations of the
same distribution (*i.e.*, whether they are equal in distribution).

> In general, EFECT Error distributions closer to zero are more reproducible.

Reviewer: Is this a mathematical statement? If not, I would write e.g.
```suggestion
Usually, EFECT Error distributions closer to zero are more reproducible.
```

Author: Yes, this is a remark about the statistics of the sampled EFECT Error.

> Importantly, the test is valid for samples with size equal to half of the sample used in the Test for Reproducibility:

Reviewer: This is not a limitation of the test, but rather a limitation of the libSSR package, because it computes the error samples with half-size samples, right? If so, I would clarify that here, or in the "Notes" webpage.

Alternatively, handle this silently in the background, and allow users to provide any-sized inputs. Raise an exception if the provided inputs cannot be truncated to an appropriate size (e.g. too small input).

Author: The Test for Reproducibility can be thought of as simulating reproducibility studies by randomly drawing two half-size samples from a given sample. We could just as well require the modeler to do the test with a "double-size" sample instead of reporting for a "half-size" sample. So it's not so much a limitation as a convention.

Reviewer: Agreed, I just wanted to say that users might be confused to read "valid" here, because this is due to the convention, but the convention is not clearly stated as far as I can tell. e.g. this would be clearer for me

```suggestion
Importantly, as libSSR computes the EFECT error distribution with half the sample size by convention, the test is valid for samples with size equal to half of this sample used in the Test for Reproducibility:
```
